intro.md, before:

Hello! This is my first attempt at making something like this, but I wanted to share something with the community. Knowledge should be free, so here is some of mine.

## Target Audience
At least for now, this is for beginners to programming. This isn't intended for kids, but adults that weren't raised by the mainframe and have decided to pick up a new skill/hobby/party trick/etc.

## Goals
I want to go over how things work, without tying it too much to a specific language. I could give yet another python lecture, but there are plenty of really good ones out there already.
I also want this to help me with my teaching skills, and allow me to reach different learning styles.
Mostly I want this to be for you. I want you to know how to think like a programmer without thinking like a pascal programmer only. I want you to know how to solve a problem without just giving a java solution to a problem. I want you to understand a program even if you don't understand every tiny bit c#.

## Outline
Vague ideas only. This will be a work in progress for a bit.

## Supplementary Material
I am not the only source of knowledge, so I'm not going to pretend like I am. Here are some links to things I found helpful:
- [crash course computer science](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL8dPuuaLjXtNlUrzyH5r6jN9ulIgZBpdo) : Their intro video does a great job of explaining everything in it. More of "what are computers" than "how to program". This is optional but very very helpful for people learning lower level languages (like c or something).
- [code academy](https://www.codecademy.com/) : Really good for learning how to write programs in a specific language. Lots of beginner friendly stuff.
- I would put an online IDE here (integrated development environment), but I don't know of one that's still good. I used repl.it for years, but it has been en-shit-ified a lot. I'll just post some minimal ones I found from a quick search:
  - [code chef](https://www.codechef.com/ide) : I guess it looks pretty cool. It has a really nice visualiser with it. Doesn't run the fastest.
  - [online ide](https://www.online-ide.com/) : Dead simple, runs faster. Lots of languages supported, and a decent amount of settings.

Commit message:

Add outline to intro.md
Add 'solving a problem', 'different paradigms', and 'reading other people's solutions'

intro.md, after:

Hello! This is my first attempt at making something like this, but I wanted to share something with the community. Knowledge should be free, so here is some of mine.

## Target Audience
At least for now, this is for beginners to programming. This isn't intended for kids, but adults that weren't raised by the mainframe and have decided to pick up a new skill/hobby/party trick/etc.

## Goals
I want to go over how things work, without tying it too much to a specific language. I could give yet another python lecture, but there are plenty of really good ones out there already.
I also want this to help me with my teaching skills, and allow me to reach different learning styles.
Mostly I want this to be for you. I want you to know how to think like a programmer without thinking like a pascal programmer only. I want you to know how to solve a problem without just giving a java solution to a problem. I want you to understand a program even if you don't understand every tiny bit c#.

## Outline
### Solving a Problem
Before writing a single line of code, you'll need to know what you're doing. Step 1 is always solving the problem, and that is the goal of this section.

### Different Paradigms
There are lots of different ways to solve the same problem. There are a handful of styles "groups" out there called paradigms. This section is an overview on some of them.

### Reading Other People's Solutions
If you use programming in a professional setting, you are more likely to be working on projects you didn't write than anything else. You'll be making changes to your company's product, helping fix somebody else's website, or adapting a project to your specific needs.

## Supplementary Material
I am not the only source of knowledge, so I'm not going to pretend like I am. Here are some links to things I found helpful:
- [crash course computer science](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL8dPuuaLjXtNlUrzyH5r6jN9ulIgZBpdo) : Their intro video does a great job of explaining everything in it. More of "what are computers" than "how to program". This is optional but very very helpful for people learning lower level languages (like c or something).
- [code academy](https://www.codecademy.com/) : Really good for learning how to write programs in a specific language. Lots of beginner friendly stuff.
- I would put an online IDE here (integrated development environment), but I don't know of one that's still good. I used repl.it for years, but it has been en-shit-ified a lot. I'll just post some minimal ones I found from a quick search:
  - [code chef](https://www.codechef.com/ide) : I guess it looks pretty cool. It has a really nice visualiser with it. Doesn't run the fastest.
  - [online ide](https://www.online-ide.com/) : Dead simple, runs faster. Lots of languages supported, and a decent amount of settings.
